Let's say goodbye here.
Let's find time to eat together again soon.
See ya!
Wataru.
Hm?
How about you...
Live with me? [TN: Like couples do.]
Huh?
Wataru?
Ah, ah...
You mean... live together again?
Live together, huh... Live together.
[TN: Like cohabitate]
Not like that...
- Then no.
- Why not?
No reason.
Then, please, can't you?
No.
If I look away now...
You don't have to glare at me like that.
I get it.
I'll ask you out again.
There won't be a 'next time'.
I'm leaving then.
Calm down...
Minato is just naturally air-headed.
It must have been a slip of the tongue.
Probably.
Ah... Please give me a break.
How about you...
Live with me?
I need to calm down.
"Countdown To Yes"
(Episode 2)
I'm home.
Welcome back.
Grandma's already asleep.
Be quiet.
What have you been shooting with lately?
Still the same.
Still the film camera my grandpa gave me.
And old lenses.
You really like it, don't you?
Yeah.
(September 16, 2015)
Shouldn't you adjust the settings on this?
That's not what I mean.
I'm saying that this out-of-focus
blur is the charm of old lenses.
But doesn't that mean it's out of focus?
It's not like only in-focus
photos are good photos, right?
It's not perfect, but it's warm.
That's why I... like Minato's photos.
Huh?
Are you mad?
Why?
I mean, I really do like them.
If it were me, I couldn't
capture this feeling.
But that's what's interesting
about photography.
All done, let's go home.
- Let's go back.
- Let's go.
Okay, let's go home.
Ah, let's go.
Minato, you come back with us too.
Okay.
- Want to go look at CDs?
- Can't you just stream it?
I'm not very good with that.
- You still don't know how to use it?
- What's your problem?
I want to go to the beach.
- Ah, never mind, let's go to the beach then.
- Okay.
Alright, the beach it is.
Sounds good, right?
- Let's go, let's go!
- Hurry up, let's go!
Ah, but today's homework...
What about homework?
Let's go too.
When do you feel like taking photos?
When I want to preserve this feeling.
What about you, Wataru?
Me, well...
Probably... when I don't
want to forget something.
I want to take photos that...
as soon as you see them, you can recall...
the sounds and smells of that moment.
No, go study!
All you do is play all day.
Don't say that, you're not one to talk.
So Yokoi is that kind of person, huh?
It's my first time seeing
him laugh like that.
- Ah, Shioiri.
- You guys are still taking photos?
I bought juice.
Sorry, sorry.
Why'd you have to spray me?
Give me a drink.
- Why are you drinking it first?! I bought it!
- Mom will scold you!
Even if my mom scolds
me, I'm still going to drink it.
Want to see?
I like it.
Huh?
I like Wataru's photos.
That's an exaggeration, but I'm happy.
That's great!
Come on!
Sorry.
Ready.
Stop! Stop!
Don't stop~ Don't stop.
So dangerous...
Really dangerous.
What?
- Who is it?
- Who's coming?
- Let's decide with that.
- Okay, okay.
What do you want to do?
[TN: They're playing a word-game]
Being told 'This is chirashi sushi!'
But not actually being that
excited is common. (Ends with 'chi')
Fujisawa, your turn.
Feeling a little nauseous when a
globe spins fastest is also common.
Ebina, your turn.
Something that's right nearby...
But you can't see it, that's also common.
Yokoi, your turn.
Always...
Hey! Don't drag Minato into
this weird word chain game!
- Why are you excluding him?
- Yeah, yeah!
This is team spirit...
Don't end with 'ng'!
Go on!
Here!
Ah.
It's easy to accidentally
pick up small stones.
Oh~ That's amazing!
Then Wataru's turn.
(September 20, 2015)
I wish the school had a darkroom.
I'm the only one who uses
film anyway, so it's not needed.
Really?
But darkrooms are cool.
That's true.
Having said that...
Huh?
A film camera.
I bought it with my saved New Year's money.
It's second-hand, though.
You accidentally influenced me.
Here you go, thanks for waiting.
- Thank you.
Ready...
Minato's photos...
They give off a nostalgic feeling.
As for mine...
They really do.
They make you reminisce.
Right?
Wataru's photos...
Are the kind you want to keep close.
What kind of way is that to put it?
They're photos you want to cherish.
I...
I still like Wataru's photos.
I also...
Like Minato's photos.
I...
Like Wataru's photos.
I also...
Like Minato's photos.
Thank you.
Same to you.
By the way...
So scary.
You really like it, huh?
Want to take one?
Can I?
(What is cohabitation?)
(The term 'dousei' refers to living in the same
house, specifically for couples living together.
On the other hand, 'doukyo'
refers to people like family or
(friends living together
without a romantic relationship.)
(Couples living together)
Couples...
What do you think he's thinking?
He's probably not thinking anything.
That's true.
It is Minato, after all.
Hmm...
It's because he's
inscrutable that he's Minato.
Minato is a friend...
Minato is a friend.
Minato is...
A best friend.
(Incoming call from Shioiri Kouhei)
Hello?
Oh, Wataru.
Are you free next Friday?
Let's have a celebration
for Minato's promotion.
Promotion?
(September 12, 2025)
- Manager.
- Hm?
What does 'promotion' mean?
It means getting a higher position at work.
Being moved to a more important role.
Why are you suddenly asking that?
Ah, tonight...
There's a promotion party for Minato.
Minato-kun, huh...
Wow, he's really working hard.
Um...
What do people usually give
for a promotion celebration?
Hmm...
The most basic thing
would be flowers, right?
Flowers, huh...
(August 12, 2021)
You're back.
Please marry me.
What?
Because it's my first time
giving someone flowers.
I'm a little nervous.
Thank you.
Congratulations on being selected.
It's just an honorable mention.
That's still worth celebrating.
Minato should enter the competition too.
I'll pass.
Oh, really?
Ah...
How frustrating.
What's your answer?
Huh?
The answer to marrying me.
I'll think about it.
Please marry me.
Uh...
This is my gift to you for your promotion.
Thank you.
I was imitating you, don't you remember?
I remember.
Oh, you do.
The flowers are the same too.
Eustoma.
Right? This is it, isn't it?
I knew it.
When I saw it at the flower shop...
I felt like this was the
one from my memory.
Can this be your answer?
Huh?
Wataru, didn't you say 'I'll
think about it' back then?
Ah.
I did say that...
Eh~
Reporting a miracle,
everyone's here on time!
Aren't you usually the
one who's late the most?
No way~
I'm hungry.
Let's go.
Let's go, let's go!
Minato, it's been too long, hasn't it?
How have you been lately?
Good.
That's great.
Let's go.
Come on, come on, let's have a
drink today, it's a rare occasion.
That's not a good look.
What's that about?
Wataru gave it to me.
I should have prepared something too.
It's fine.
It was just a coincidence.
I just happened to pass
by a flower shop, that's all.
Speaking of bouquets...
They're usually given when you're leaving.
Just as an FYI.
Is that so?
Isn't it a hassle to
carry it from the start?
So, it's cooler to hand it over
smoothly when you're leaving.
That's true...
Sorry, should I give it to you later?
No need.
They're already mine.
Oh, I see.
By the way, how do
you know things like that?
Your girlfriend must
have corrected you, right?
Huh?
No... No, it's not.
No...
Well, it's not entirely not, but...
- Why do you guys always see right through me?
- It's written all over your face!
Alright then.
To celebrate Minato's
promotion and transfer...
Cheers!
Cheers~
But speaking of which...
Getting transferred to
headquarters is amazing, isn't it?
Honestly, it's super amazing.
Minato, your company
has a lot of people, right?
Just participating in an internal
competition is impressive enough.
Because I like yogurt.
Liking it is one thing...
But seriously, how did you find the time?
Just handling your regular
work must be exhausting, right?
After finishing regular work...
I finalized the project
little by little with my senior.
How long did it take
until it was finalized?
If you count from when
I first consulted him...
About half a year, I guess?
Spending half a year on a project
that might not even pass, huh?
That's so cool!
No...
That's really so cool!
I want to as well.
Hey.
Being able to do what you want at work...
That's really rare.
Wait, Fujisawa already
shook his hand, I want to too!
Forget it.
Please let my project pass too!
Rubbing off some good luck,
rubbing off some good luck!
Don't just touch me randomly!
Wataru, do you really
understand how amazing Minato is?
I get it!
I understand him best.
Suspicious.
It's been suspicious ever
since you said 'finalized'.
I understand, okay?
Fixing the camera on a tripod to shoot
is called 'fixed-point shooting', right?
Damn it, I was too careless.
Winner, Wataru.
You guys really haven't changed at all.
Yeah, we haven't changed.
It's always been like this.
I feel like even when we're old
men, we'll still be hanging out like this.
Hey, of course!
The five of us will
always be like this, right?
Yeah.
But you know...
Shioiri already has a family.
I also started living in a
shared house recently.
My roommate even asked if we
should start a company together.
He brought that up.
Fujisawa, are you going
to be a company president?
I think that might not be bad.
But seriously...
It's about time we started thinking
about our future life plans, right?
It's too early! We're only 25!
You could also say
'already' 25, Wataru-kun.
Alright, alright, but...
No matter what, we'll still be
hanging out together, right?
It'll always be like this from now on.
Alright!
To our...
Great friendship!
Cheers!
- Cheers!
To our great friendship!
How many times are we going to toast today?
At least five times, I guess.
No, I think it's seven.
No, no, no, I get it.
To put it simply...
You're just lonely, if I'm being direct.
- I know!
- Really?
- Hey, you're lonely, aren't you?
- Watch out, watch out!
Look ahead!
This way.
Then we'll go this way.
Oh! See you next time!
Thanks.
Thanks for today.
And, congratulations on the marriage!
I haven't told you in person yet.
You're really amazing, you know.
Bye!
That was like a storm just now.
Everyone was just so happy to see you.
You too?
Of course.
I really can't imagine Minato at work.
Can you have proper
conversations with people?
I'm good at reports and
presentations, so it's fine.
Though I'm not good at small talk.
You only ever make small talk with me.
Wataru is special.
Minato, where are you
going back to tonight?
Are you going back to your
parents' house again today?
I started living alone in Chigasaki.
Huh?
Why?
I thought it's a bit much to still
be living at home at this point...
Your company is in Tokyo, right?
Isn't it far?
As long as I can get to work
without changing trains, I'm satisfied.
That's why he brought up living together.
Rent in Tokyo is expensive.
And the air isn't good.
I see.
Because I also hate being
so far from Wataru again.
No...
Minato is a friend.
Minato is...
(Next Episode Preview)
Wataru, you have something on your face.
Is it gone?
Is it impossible for things
to stay the same forever...?
Photos are things that can convey feelings.
But still, no.
I cherish you.
I know.
Because I like Minato.